Refocus README on docs.getdbt.com for setup and configuration (#722)
duckdb/dbt-duckdb: README.md

## dbt-duckdb

[DuckDB](http://duckdb.org) is an embedded database, similar to SQLite, but designed for OLAP-style analytics. It is fast and allows you to read and write data stored in CSV, JSON, and Parquet files directly, without requiring you to load them into the database first.

[dbt](http://getdbt.com) is a framework for managing data transformations written in SQL or Python for analytics and data science. `dbt-duckdb` is the adapter that ties DuckDB and dbt together, allowing you to build a [Modern Data Stack In A Box](https://duckdb.org/2022/10/12/modern-data-stack-in-a-box.html) or a local lakehouse with Python.

### Installation

This project is hosted on PyPI, so you should be able to install it and the necessary dependencies via:

`pip3 install dbt-duckdb`

The latest supported version targets `dbt-core` versions >= 1.8.x and DuckDB version 1.1.x, but we work hard to ensure that newer versions of DuckDB continue to work with the adapter as they are released.

> 

Author: no reason to have touched these sections. editorial overreach!

versions of DuckDB will continue to work with the adapter as they are released.
The latest supported version targets `dbt-core` versions >= 1.8.x and DuckDB version 1.1.x, but we work hard to ensure that newer versions of DuckDB continue to work with the adapter as they are released.

### Configuring Your Profile
### Documentation

A super-minimal dbt-duckdb profile only needs *one* setting:
Most user-facing setup and usage documentation for `dbt-duckdb` now lives on docs.getdbt.com:

````
default:
  outputs:
    dev:
      type: duckdb
  target: dev
````

This will run your dbt-duckdb pipeline against an in-memory DuckDB database that will not be persisted after your run completes. This may
not seem very useful at first, but it turns out to be a powerful tool for a) testing out data pipelines, either locally or in CI jobs and
b) running data pipelines that operate purely on external CSV, Parquet, or JSON files. More details on how to work with external data files
in dbt-duckdb are provided in the docs on [reading and writing external files](#reading-and-writing-external-files).

> To have your dbt pipeline persist relations in a DuckDB file, set the `path` field in your profile to the path

Author: are we confident that this is represented already on the recently updated docs pages?

`dbt-duckdb` also supports common profile fields like `schema` and `threads`, but the `database` property is special: its value is automatically set
to the basename of the file in the `path` argument with the suffix removed. For example, if the `path` is `/tmp/a/dbfile.duckdb`, the `database`
field will be set to `dbfile`. If you are running in in-memory mode, then the `database` property will be automatically set to `memory`.

#### Using MotherDuck

As of `dbt-duckdb` 1.5.2, you can connect to a DuckDB instance running on [MotherDuck](http://www.motherduck.com) by setting your `path` to use a [md:<database> connection string](https://motherduck.com/docs/getting-started/connect-query-from-python/installation-authentication), just as you would with the DuckDB CLI
or the Python API.

MotherDuck databases generally work the same way as local DuckDB databases from the perspective of dbt, but
there are a [few differences to be aware of](https://motherduck.com/docs/architecture-and-capabilities#considerations-and-limitations):
1. MotherDuck is compatible with client DuckDB versions 0.10.2 and older.

> 1. MotherDuck preloads a set of the most common DuckDB extensions for you, but does not support loading custom extensions or user-defined functions.

Author: is this mentioned on our docs pages?

> - [DuckDB configurations](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/resource-configs/duckdb-configs)

Author: ```suggestion
- [connecting to DuckDB with dbt](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/local/connect-data-platform/duckdb-setup)
- [configuring DuckDB with dbt](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/resource-configs/duckdb-configs)
```

> - [Python models](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/build/python-models)

Author: drop these references

**Enhanced Configuration:**
### Writing your own plugins

These options extend the basic merge behavior with additional control over which records get updated or inserted, which columns are affected, and how values are set.

| Configuration | Type | Default | Description
| :---: | :---: | :---: | ---
| `unique_key` | string/list | required | Column(s) used for the MERGE join condition
| `incremental_predicates` | list | null | Additional SQL conditions to filter the MERGE operation
| `merge_on_using_columns` | list | null | Columns for USING clause syntax instead of ON for the join condition
| `merge_update_condition` | string | null | SQL condition to control when matched records are updated
| `merge_insert_condition` | string | null | SQL condition to control when unmatched records are inserted
| `merge_update_columns` | list | null | Specific columns to update
| `merge_exclude_columns` | list | null | Columns to exclude from updates
| `merge_update_set_expressions` | dict | null | Custom expressions for column updates
| `merge_returning_columns` | list | null | Columns to return from the MERGE operation

**Example with Enhanced Options:**

```yaml

> models:

Author: i think this interactive shell stuff stays in the repo

> - Make dbt incremental models and snapshots work with external materializations

Author: editorial overreach!
